# Meritocracy
#### Extract 1
tendency of winner to declare their success
deserve their fate
social bounds : corrosive effect

#### Extract 2
D.T understands driven
harvard mickael sandels

divide between losers and winners -> poullute our politic

those on top believe that their success is their own work (they deserve their fate of globalisation) meritocratic hubris (conviction) => popular backslash
fair society : those who work hard would 
your failure is your fault if you dont flourish, it is dawn
D.T. articulate something that mainstream politicians have messed


Michael sandels think that the division between losers and winners pollute our politic. People who are on the top believe that they deserve their fate of globalisation, this is the meritocratic hubris, and this phenomenon leads to a populist backslash. But if you fail in the society their is nobody to blame but yourself. D.T. succeed to gather masses he understood what the mainstream leaders have messed. 

###### Solutions
- Rethink the role of universities as arbiters of opportunity.
- To consider the status of people without college degrees
- The dignity of work should be put back at the center of political reflection
- It requiring some changing in attitude, some humility among the successful. Reconsidering the luck and support we received in order to enhance a politics of common good. 

##### Conclusion
According to Sandel, meritocracy is detrimental to society. It can harm the capacity of man to live together because it creates a hierarchy in wich the ones who fail to climb up feel despised, looked donw on, scorned. This divide between those who succeed academically and those who don't creates tension. 
Sandel insist on the necessity to preseve the