This is when he decides to take a break in his studies - the chapter tourism and transport is really boring - to take a yogourt or a chocolate bar that Alex understood that the situation is really serious. 

The fridge is empty for empty, even not an opened  orange juice or an out of date fromage blanc.

Alex stays for a long time in front of the desolating spectacle of the empty racks and the deserted fridge and promises himself to solve the situation. The last year, when he dreamt about his first university year, he imagined himself in a warm apartment with plenty of friends who will come days and night, bringing some wine, beer, vodka, something to smoke and also some food.

With his grant and the money he will own in being holidays monitor during summer, he thought he will widely make end meet. Except that the ends aren't meeting. Between the moving taxes, the firsts shoppings, the scholar supplies, the phone subscribe and the moving ceremony, his economies melted like snow under the sun. 

#### Correction
It is when he decides that he deserves to have a break from his studying - the chapter (entitled) "Tourism and means of transportation" is really too boring - and to eat a yogurt or a chocolate bar that Alex realizes that the situation is really serious. 

The fridge is completely empty. There is not even an open bottle of orange juice or a jar of cottage cheese whose eat-by date has expired. 

Axel stays looking at the dreadful sight of empty shelves and deserted fridge for a long time, and promises himself to remedy the situation. Last year, when he would daydream about his first year at university, he imagined a warm flat to which his friends would come and go day and night, bringing wine, beer, vodka, stuff to smoke, and also some food. 

He used to think that with the money from his scholarship and the money he would earn as a summer camp counselor, he would have absolutely no problem making ends meet. But the two ends do not meet at all. 

What with the costs of moving to a new place, the money pent on the first groceries and on school supplies, his mobile phone package and his housewarming party, his savings have meted away overnight. 