# From Trump to Bolsonaro, the bullies' club
The Saudis agents came from Istanbul to mute the journalist Jamal Khashoggi, acted on order. We don't even know if they directly obey to the prince Mohamed ben Salmane or to a court member, trying to satisfy him. Otherwise, something is clear : international right rules never, at this point, being .... from the 1930's, the dictator's era, big, small and without values. 

It is now possible to come in a foreign country and use violence in order to avenge a personal conflict, to act with impunity, all in demanding respect. The chineese pres. xi jinping and his russian homologous Vlad. Putin and the turkish president are imposing their own rules. About ten other authoritarians leaders are idealising them for their capacity to opposing them to the occident. All are fascinated by the brute power exercice, at a moment where the united states and their allies reject to use it. 


#### Correction
The Saudi squad / secret agents who came to Istanbul to silence journalist Jamal Khashoggi was / were acting on orders from above. It is still fuzzy as to whether they were following a direct command from the crown prince, Mohamed bin Salman, or from someone in the court eager to please him. What is plan through is this : established international norms / regulations are being shredded in a way that have not seen since 1930s, the age of dictators, big, small and tinpot.

It is now possible to enter a foreign country and use violence to avenge a personal slight, to act with impunity and yet demand respect. Chinese president Xi-JINPING, his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putine and Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan impose their own rules. About ten other authoritarian leaders admire them for their capacity to Challenge the West. All of them are facinated by the figure of the strongman, at a time when 