1. Depuis combien de temps Keir Starmer est-il premier ministre britannique ?
2. Pendant combien de temps la reine Elizabeth a –t-elle régné ?
3. Est-ce que le premier ministre devait rendre visite à la reine souvent ? Il devait se rendre au palais une semaine sur deux.
4. Joe Biden avait appelé à l’apaisement de la vie politique américaine une semaine avant de d’annoncer qu’il se retirait de l’élection présidentielle.
5. Le prochain président des Etats-Unis ne prendra pas ses fonctions avant janvier 2025.
6. Il y a quinze ans que le groupe Oasis s’est séparé. Ils se sont beaucoup insultés dans les médias depuis leur séparation.

___
1. How long time Keir Starmer was the Britain prime minister. 
2. How long did Queen Elisabeth reigned?
3. Should the prime minister have to visit the Queen often? He had to go to the palace one week over two. 
4. Joe Biden had reclaimed the american political life to relax one week before announcing that he is retiring him of the presidential elections. 
5. The next president of the USA, will not practice his duties before January 2025. 
6. It's been fifteen years that the Oasis group split. They have a lot insulted themselves since their isolation. 

____
#### Correction

1. How long has Keir Starmer been the Prime Minister of the UK / the British Prime Minister. 
2. How long did Queen Elisabeth II reigned? 
3. How often did the prime minister have to visit the Queen? He had to go to the palace every other week. 
4. Joe Biden had said it was to cool the US political life down a week before he announced he bowed out of the presidential election / he dropped out of the presidential race. 
5. The next US president will not take office / be in office until January 2025. 
6. The Oasis brans split up 15 years ago. They have called themselves names / they have insulted each other a lot in the media since they broke up / their separation. 

